README.md, before:

# RUSH-Incremental
Made for a project at my university. Now that the submission is complete I'm open sourcing it!

The project was creating a game using the C programming language that was taught over the semester. Of course, the first thought that sprang to mind was to create an incremental game! Unfortunately, I don't know how to make graphics in C (yet), but I managed to make a fully fledged incremental game with a prestige layer that autosaves!

## Inspiration
Sheet Music Boss's series of RUSH songs, a set of impossible piano pieces. The most popular of these is RUSH E: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qskm9MTz2V4 (easter egg: my most liked YouTube comment is on this video, with over 10,000 likes!)

## How to play
1. Download the .exe file
2. (optional) You're probably gonna want to move the .exe out of your cluttered download folder to a known location on your computer
3. Run the program and play the game!

Warning: Moving the .exe and RushIncrementalSave.txt files to separate directories will cause you to lose your save. Make sure that the .exe and RushIncrementalSave.txt files are in the same directory.

## Changelog
11-15-2022: Started working on the game.<br />
11-16-2022: My computer's storage drive borked out of nowhere, causing me to lose all the code.<br />
11-28-2022: Got my computer working again<br />
11-29-2022: Started working on the game again<br />
12-5-2022: Game finished!<br />
12-13-2022 (v1.0): Game open-sourced and uploaded to GitHub!<br />
12-15-2022 (v1.0.1): Fixed a bug where RUSHing with very few notes gives more RUSH than with some notes (and RUSHing with no notes gave infinite RUSH lol)

Don't expect future updates to this game by me. It's a completed project. If you want more content, fork the code and make a mod!

Commit message:

Update README with project status and future plans
Added a break from the project and noted a plan to find the optimal strategy of this game using AI.

README.md, after:

# RUSH-Incremental
Made for a project at my university. Now that the submission is complete I'm open sourcing it!

The project was creating a game using the C programming language that was taught over the semester. Of course, the first thought that sprang to mind was to create an incremental game! Unfortunately, I don't know how to make graphics in C (yet), but I managed to make a fully fledged incremental game with a prestige layer that autosaves!

## Inspiration
Sheet Music Boss's series of RUSH songs, a set of impossible piano pieces. The most popular of these is RUSH E: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qskm9MTz2V4 (easter egg: my most liked YouTube comment is on this video, with over 10,000 likes!)

## How to play
1. Download the .exe file
2. (optional) You're probably gonna want to move the .exe out of your cluttered download folder to a known location on your computer
3. Run the program and play the game!

Warning: Moving the .exe and RushIncrementalSave.txt files to separate directories will cause you to lose your save. Make sure that the .exe and RushIncrementalSave.txt files are in the same directory.

## Changelog
11-15-2022: Started working on the game.<br />
11-16-2022: My computer's storage drive borked out of nowhere, causing me to lose all the code.<br />
11-28-2022: Got my computer working again<br />
11-29-2022: Started working on the game again<br />
12-5-2022: Game finished!<br />
12-13-2022 (v1.0): Game open-sourced and uploaded to GitHub!<br />
12-15-2022 (v1.0.1): Fixed a bug where RUSHing with very few notes gives more RUSH than with some notes (and RUSHing with no notes gave infinite RUSH lol)<br />
[Break from project]<br />
11-24-2025: Started working on an AI to find the optimal strategy to this game. This AI uses a 3-layer Neural Network to make its decision for each frame (note gain, upgrade purchase, or RUSH). This AI will be trained using a Genetic Algorithm rather than traditional optimizers.


Don't expect future updates to this game by me. It's a completed project. If you want more content, fork the code and make a mod!
